Thank you. No, just give me a call.
We can get your Xiaomi account right here.
Not only do I not believe it, but on the contrary,
One phone call from me can help you land in the same area.
Do you believe it?
Yes, I'm really curious,
Why do you want to use a phone,
This will allow my Ling family to move to the region.
Do you want to try it? Yes,
Don't read it to me. If you can't let me leave the Ling family today,
So today, I will let you not go to the true place.
within ten minutes
In this way, all Leijia's industries
All stop Lei Jia
The details are about to begin
What a joke, you know?
I, Lei Jia, consider the difficulty
red and black cool road
Rebate analysis
It’s always just me, Lei Jia, who analyzes
someone else's share
Someone felt it today
Analysis has a name
Is what I said true?
Just wait and see and you will know our
Just ten minutes
I want to see it in ten minutes
What's wrong with you?
I ask you to listen
My two are too big
I won't be able to scare him
You just hid in the second or third place. Don’t worry.
You can always trust your mom’s videos
It's a good start.